# Online-Course-Booking-System
Eduris community education is an online course registration website that provides online courses as well as in-class courses to the users. This course registration website is developed so that students can register and complete their courses. The in-class courses can be taken at the locations in the universities which are associated with the Eduris website. User can view the courses from various categories available in the website as a guest or as an existing user and add them to the cart. In order to register to the course the user should login and if the user is new, they have the option to create a new account. Users have an option to view their personal details and will be able to make changes to them as well as they can drop their class from their account, also can provide feedback about the courses. Cancellation policy describes about the user who wants to drop their classes and it also states the refund policy. The working prototype was developed using Moqups and InVision software tools. The screenshots represents how the website looks. The usability test logs and the feedback given by the users on the prototype produced results which helped in improving the website.   

My responsibilities:
•	Recognized and collected functional requirements; translate them into information architecture and process flows
•	Administered interpersonal skills to motivate the team, and developed a prototype for an Online Course Booking System
•	Directed usability testing on the model and documented the results along with the system specification document
